Hey, I'm going to build a game in html and JS

Its about teams of low-tech warriors killing monsters
Its about the team using technology rather than about heroes or wizards
	for example, nets, ballistas, pits, pikes, and bonfires
battlefields will be reasonably large and feature a fair amount of terrain

the html and js style should follow the following principles:
	the dom should be modified rather than rewritten in js each time
	js should use clear individual functions, but not leverage class functionality
	psudo classes are good though
	The main screen is a massive canvas, with status boxes detailing objects of interest off to the side

The central battlefield is not all on the screen at once 
	You can zoom in and out with the wheel or with buttons at the top bar
	You can move where the battlefield is focused by putting your mouse near the edge of the screen and it will travel that direction
	You can pause the action and restart it with the spacebar. 
	You can control the speed of the action with buttons on the top bar

The battlefield is only one of several control screens, but it is where the player will spend the most time
	Other large screens
		Main Menu (html)
		World Map with locations of missions (canvas, similar to battlefield)
		Shopping
		Inventory

Each Unit tracks the following stats:
	Name
	Display Image
	Controller
	Skill
	Agility
	Strength
	Perception
	Will
	Toughness
	Size
	Technical
	Move (Base Move)
	Training
	Inventory
	Current Weapon
	Attacks
	Defenses
	Armor
	Wounds
	Location
	Destination
	Facing
	Posture
	Statuses

Unit stats Explained
	Skill: a Number. represents basic combat skill
	Agility: A Number. represents agility
	Strength: A Number. represents strength of the creature (default human is 10)
	Perception: A number. how good they are at spotting things
	Will: A number. How good they are at doing scary or hard things
	Toughness. A number. How likely they are to pull through bodily harm
	Size: A number. Humans are 0. used to calculate wounds (bigger things are harder to hurt)
	Technical: A number. How good they are at doing technical things
	Move: A number. Calculated from Inventory, Strength, and Base Move
	Base Move: A number. How fast they can move without any stuff.
	Training: A array of skills they are trained in. This includes Defense types and Weapon types. 
	Inventory: all the things the character is carrying. This includes Weapons and armor, which help calcuate things about the character
	Current Weapon:
		Weapon: The weapon in inventory
		Time till available: time until its available. If this is 0, its available. 
	Attacks are derrived from current weapon, plus some are always equipped.Each Attack tracks the following: 
		Damage Type: (Stab, Slash, Crush, Burn, None)
		Weapon Type: (polearm, sword, club, crossbow, bow, emplacement, bite, trample, javalin and others)
		Damage: A number
		Injury: A number
		Attack Modifier: a number
		Skill: calculated from character skill, skill modifier, training, statuses, posture, and wounds
		Reach: a number or "none"
		Range: a number of "none"
		Time: The time required to complete an attack (ms)
		Requires Ammo: boolean
		Area: (none, circle(with radius), Cone (with length and width))
		Ignored Defenses: (defenses ignored)
		Effects: effects that happen to characters hit by the attack
	Defenses are derrived from current weapon, plus some are always equipped:	
		Defense Type: (Block, Parry, Dodge, Evade)
		Defense Modifier: a number 
		Defense Skill: (calcuated from either skill and training or from agility(for dodge), and statuses, posture, and wounds)
	Armor is calcuated from inventory. 
		Each Damage Type has its own armor profile
		Armor is stored as an array of pairs of numbers
			The first number (attack Value) is the highest number the armor applies to
			The second number (armor value) is the armor applied at that number or lower
		Armor should be displayed as a graph, with bars going lower and lower as the first number gets higher
	Wounds: A number. 0 is perfectly fine, 10 is very dead, 6 is a wound that could knock you out of the fight

Attack Calculation: 
	Attacker takes weapon skill - 3d6
	defender chooses best defense for that attack and rolls defense skill - 3d6
	Defender number is subtracted from attacker number to get the attack value
	The armor value for the appropriate damage type and attack value is selected (the lowest first number higher than the attack value)
	damage is 1d4 - armor + damage - size. If the resulting value is positive, add the injury value. 
	The unit gets a wound of that size. If it already has a wound of that size they combine to create a wound 1 larger. all effects of gaining a wound are applied again

When gaining a wound: 
	X shock: x penalty to skill, technical, and Perception the next turn
	X impairment: x penalty to skill technical and perception until fight is over
	roll vs Toughness-x: roll toughness -3d6 + x. if the number is negative suffer the effect
	knocked down: posture becomes lying down
	stunned: gain the stunned effect
	0: -1 to skill and technical next turn
	2: -2 to skill and technical next turn 
	4: -3 to skill and technical next turn. Roll vs Toughness +0 to gain -2 impairment 
	6: -4 to skill and technical next turn. roll vs. Toughness +0 to gain -4 impairment. Toughness +0 to gain knocked down. Toughness +0 to gain stunned. Toughness +0 or gain Slowed
	8: (all of #6) roll vs toughness to gain -6 impairment. Roll vs Toughness to gain Unconsious
	10: (all of #8) die

Effects:
	Stunned: cannot act. Roll Toughness once per turn (second?) to undo
	Slowed: Agility decreased by 4. Move halved
		